{% include 2121head.html %}<!--  Add content here   Add content here   Add content here --><!--  Add content here   Add content here   Add content here --><h3>STAFFING</h3><h4>Summary of discussions</h4><ul>	<li>System where people can get promoted into decision making position based on competency rather than influence.</li>	<li>Form of Government based on extended "Senate" systems made up of stakeholders representative groups.</li>	<li>Replace 'House of reps" with individual personal voting buttons used on major/ significant issues in an agreed set of rules.</li>	<li>Design the system in such a way that we prevent people being unfairly prejudiced or advantaged financially by birth (can we keep personal momento?).  Positive social Engineering.</li>	<li>Some form of reward system that not just based on quantity of effort, but quality as well (e.g. not just hours you spend in a job)</li>	<li>Freedom to move in and out of the mainstream of employment and this society.</li>	<li>Local community become a more active stakeholder in the decision making process of corporations (Review of law to give greater influence to individual rights)  AUSTRALIAN BILL OF RIGHTS - all companies have an employee bill of rights (replaces award system base?)</li></ul><h4>"Starship Interdependence"</h4><p align="left">Bill of rights for the Planet</p>	<h4>Philosophy Statement</h4> <p align="left">We take it as self evident that all crew members will have equal access to equitable living conditions which will sustain the ship and create  a viable future for the later generations of all species.</p><h4>Recommendations</h4> <p align="left"><b>One:</b></p><p align="left">Policy for writing Policy<ol type="A" start="A">	<li>Register interest to vote.</li>	<li>Meet minimum competence criteria.</li>	<li>Compulsory Voting for election of Governing body</li>	<li>Governing Body represents "Tribal" interests.</li></ol></p><p align="left"><b>Two:</b></p> <p align="left">The judiciary role of the monetary governing body is fulfilled by an international court and backed by an international peace keeping body - appointment by "Wisdom"</p><p align="left"><b>Three:</b></p><p align="left">The function of the international body is to administer the bill of rights - Approve procedures & Structural advancements.</p><p align="left"><b>Four:</b></p><p align="left">Unfair treatment is not experiencing a sense of interdependence co-operation, nurturing, empathy etc has access to publicly provided conciliation/ mediation and representation processes</p><p align="left"><b>Five:</b></p><p align="left">The governing structures of the tribal groupings will demonstrate capacity to support and implement the global "Bill of Rights".</p><p align="left"><b>Six:</b></p><p align="left">A key junction of all levels of governing bodies will be to review the operation of reward and sanction systems to ensure congruence with the stated vision & values of the starship interdependence.</p><p align="left"><b>Seven:</b></p><p align="left">The international & local governing bodies will monitor the provision of & access to appropriate education processes (including LIFE SKILLS/ PHILOSOPHY)  to enable informed participation by all "new members"</p>{% include 2121foot.html %}