{% include 2121head.html %}<!--  Add content here   Add content here   Add content here --><!--  Add content here   Add content here   Add content here --><h3>STRATEGIES</h3><h4>Development of self and development of institutions globally</h4><ul>	<li>How to teach - to learn</li>	<li>Turn data into information</li>	<li>Move to knowledge - value added information</li>	<li>Pathway - to migrate</li>	<li>Evaluation - data to wisdom</li>	<li>Different dimensions to be worked on together</li></ul><h4>Self - Institutions - Government</h4><ul>	<li>Industry/workplaces</li>	<li>Educational institutions</li>	<li>Health/wellbeing</li>	<li>Family</li>	<li>Justice system</li>	<li>Environmental</li></ul><h4>1 step for each arm</h4><ul>	<li>Government - diversity - e.g. proportional representation/li>	<li>Industry/ workplace</li>	<li>Educational institutions - wisdom ambassadors</li>	<li>Health/wellbeing - pollution/lifestyle</li>	<li>Family - nurture & sustain people/children</li>	<li>Justice</li>	<li>Environment</li>	<li>Media/Culture</li></ul><h4>Goal:  harmony, wisdom, justice.  We are seeking inspiration insight</h4><ul>	<li>Development of self & development of institutions (Global)</li>	<li>The individual must focus on learning.  They are seeking inspiration / insight.</li>	<li>Leadership - goal is for harmony, wisdom & justice for the future.</li></ul><h4>Desirable Future 2121</h4><p align="left">Life is like the universe - everything connects.  Guiding values and vision through the life cycle:</p><ul>	<li>Individuals</li>	<li>Network</li>	<li>Connection</li>	<li>Co-operation</li>	<li>Self-directed responsibility</li>	<li>Thinks</li>	<li>Encouraging</li></ul><p align="left">Key question - how can we learn from our experiences, mistakes and successes</p><h4>What is the process?</h4><ul>	<li>You keep going around, until you learn to learn</li>	<li>You must change</li>	<li>In order to change you must accept your limitations</li>	<li>Strive to improve with time</li>	<li>What is learning - growing in wisdom?</li>	<li>Reflecting on action</li>	<li>Important role of education - the learning process</li></ul><h4>Pathways</h4><ul>	<li>A just, ecologically responsible and socially sustainable society giving each individual the opportunity to participate fully in all opportunities society offers</li>	<li>The individual is the focus (for development, change etc)</li>	<li>Hierarchy of information is data -> information -> knowledge -> perception -> insight -> wisdom</li>	<li>The journey of all individuals is to migrate up this hierarchy, in the process affecting government, industry, educational institutions, health, family, justice system, environment, media</li>	<li>The above should address learning about mankind's past, collectively</li>	<li>We must harness the power of the individual to enable him/her to achieve her/his full potential through individual and collective learning.  Giving the individual greater power to make decisions through these processes will maintain progress through the hierarchy</li></ul>{% include 2121foot.html %}